as this generates the face with first oil
but the geira with the thumbs up
along the nose
repeat six times make pressure points
at the base of the nose bone
then go to the eyebrow ending
with the pressure point three times more
put again along the nose six
times
make a pressure point on the forehead and more
two descending to the temple three times
repeat the same gestures slightly above
3 times
then make circles around the
temple
repeat the process once
circle six times
six times
then massage the top of the
head with palms
you can hit gently atest
shaking hands and open fingers
slow down
then massage different cycles
parts of the head using the palms of
hands